mic mic did i say i love you today wow
that's the topic i'm really well
when I talk about global I really mean
global in internal sense it's really
global in terms of the headquarters and
the local teams work together the
centralization versus centralization who
leads who follows so Ally when you're
talking about how to best communicate at
the end of the day is roasting
responsibilities differentiation who is
doing what and the most important thing
is who leads to follow
[Music]
let's tell me a little bit more this is
abstract well I'm gonna give you a
template why can't we accomplish I want
to share with you two pagers the devil
is in the details there's not much to it
you just have to work it